Fixes after Cloud guides review (#120)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/deploying-on-minikube.adoc

For more information about Minikube and related system requirements, see link:{minikube_url}/docs/start/[Getting started with Minikube] documentation.

.Prerequisites
* Your workflow application is ready to use. +
For more information about building the application container, see xref:cloud/build-workflow-image-with-quarkus-cli.adoc[Building workflow images using Quarkus CLI].

* Minikube is installed.

> * kubectl command-line tool is installed. Otherwise, Minikube handles it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kubectl` command-line tool is installed. Otherwise, Minikube handles it.
```

----
eval $(minikube -p minikube docker-env --profile knative)
----
--

> . Build your application to store it in the Minikube registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Build your application to store it in the Minikube registry.
```

> . Build your application to store it into the Minikube registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Build your application to store it in the Minikube registry
```

+
--

> If your Serverless Workflow application container image was built before configuring Docker to use in-cluster Docker daemon, then you might need to build the image again so that the image is available in the Minikube registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your workflow application container image is built before configuring Docker to use the in-cluster Docker daemon, then you might need to build the image again so that the image is available in the Minikube registry.
```

[NOTE]
====
If you are building native container images, ensure that you use the following system property to use Minikube Docker Daemon:

.System property to build container images
[source,shell]
----
-Dquarkus.native.remote-container-build=true
----
====

[IMPORTANT]
====
You might be required to tag the container images using one of the following registry:

* `ko.local`
* `dev.local`

For more information, see link:{knative_issue_url}[How to use locally built docker image].

In that case, use the `-Dquarkus.container-image.registry=some_of_the_values_above` property to enable Knative fetch the container images from Minikube Docker Daemon.

> If you don't use those values, you might need to set the `imagePullPolicy` to `Never` or `IfNotPresent`, otherwise Minikube pulls the images from a remote registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not use the values, you might need to set the `imagePullPolicy` to `Never` or `IfNotPresent`, otherwise, Minikube pulls the images from a remote registry. 
```

This behavior can be avoided by tagging the image using previously listed domains.
====
--

> . To prepare the environment, start the Minikube tunnel using Knative profile in another terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In a separate command terminal window, start the Minikube tunnel using the Knative profile to prepare the environment:
```

----
--

> . Deploy your {context} application using the Minikube registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Deploy your workflow application using the Minikube registry.
```

+
--

> The next step is to deploy your Serverless Workflow application to execute it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to deploy your workflow application to execute it.
```

> You will find below different procedures to deploy your Serverless Workflow application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the further sections for different procedures to deploy your workflow application.
```

[NOTE]
====
You can use the native image due to the faster startup. +

> For more information about installing the Serverless Workflow application, see xref:cloud/build-workflow-image-with-quarkus-cli.adoc[Building Serverless Workflow Images using Quarkus CLI] document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about installing the workflow application, see xref:cloud/build-workflow-image-with-quarkus-cli.adoc[Building workflow images using Quarkus CLI] document.
```

[[proc-deploy-sw-application-knative-cli]]
=== Deploying your workflow application using Knative CLI

> Once you have installed your {context} application into the Minikube registry, you can use the command-line tools, such as Knative CLI or `kubectl` to initiate the deployment process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have installed your workflow application into the Minikube registry, you can use the command-line tools, such as Knative CLI or `kubectl` to initiate the deployment process.
```

.Prerequisites

> * {context} application is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Workflow application is installed.
```

* Knative CLI is installed. +
For more information, see link:{kn_cli_url}[Install the Knative CLI].

.Procedure

> . In a command terminal, execute the following command to deploy your {context} application using Knative CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In a command terminal, execute the following command to deploy your workflow application using Knative CLI:
```

[[proc-deploy-sw-application-kubectl]]
=== Deploying your workflow application using `kubectl`

> You can also use kubectl command-line interface and plain Kubernetes objects to deploy your {context} application. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `kubectl` command-line interface and plain Kubernetes objects to deploy your workflow application. +
```

And, instead of creating `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors, you can leverage the Quarkus Kubernetes extension and Kogito Knative add-on to generate the descriptors.

.Prerequisites
* Serverless Workflow application is installed.
* `kubectl` command-line tool is installed.
* (Optional) Quarkus CLI is installed +
For more information about installing the Quarkus CLI, see link:https://quarkus.io/guides/cli-tooling#installing-the-cli[Installing the Quarkus CLI].

.Procedure

> . Add the Quarkus extensions to generate `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the Quarkus extensions to generate `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors.
```

====
--

> . To generate the `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors, set the following properties in the `application.properties` file of your {context} application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To generate the `knative` `yaml|json` descriptors, set the following properties in the `application.properties` file of your workflow application:
```

. Build your workflow application.
+
--
Once you have built your application, you can find the generated descriptors files in the `target/kubernetes` directory:

> * knative.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `knative.json`
```

> * knative.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `knative.yml`
```

> Here is an example of those generated files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following is an example of the generated files:
```

> .Knative descriptor example for a Serverless Workflow application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Knative descriptor example for a workflow application
```

. Enter the following command to deploy the workflow application using `kubectl`:
+
--

> .Deploy the workflow application using kubectl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Deploy the workflow application using `kubectl`
```

[[proc-deploy-sw-application-quarkus-cli]]
=== Deploying your workflow application using Quarkus CLI

.Prerequisites

> * {context} application is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Workflow application is installed.
```

You can use the link:{quarkus_cli_url}[Quarkus CLI] to abstract all of the complexities mentioned in the previous sections and deploy your Serverless Workflow application once the build completes. 

.Prerequisites
* Serverless Workflow application is installed.
* Quarkus CLI is installed. +
For more information, see link:{quarkus_cli_url}[Building Quarkus Apps with Quarkus command line interface (CLI)].

> * You have completed the previous steps defined in link:#proc-deploy-sw-application-kubectl[Deploying your Serverless Workflow application using kubectl]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have completed the steps in link:#proc-deploy-sw-application-kubectl[Deploying your workflow application using `kubectl`]
```
